Rin, I'm sorry for blaming you
for everything.
I just realized that I never really
held a grudge against you.
I kept fighting
until I created a new collection.
But in the end, Kan stole it anyway.
It's good Anya told me
the truth today.
It helped me remember everything.
Anya?
- Really?
- Mmm.
She's one of the few in the business
who knows about this.
If Kan really stole your idea,
there must be proof,
like a sketchbook
or something you designed.
Can you remember which one?
It's lost.
I've already tried finding it.
Sao used to tell me
information about you.
She's probably read
all of your journals.
She might've kept the last one.
Oh? Why would she keep it?
Don't worry.
I believe we're going to
get through this.
What's up with you, Mind?
Nothing.
I was just thinking. Don't mind me.
What were you thinking? Tell us.
I just thought that
a lot of things have happened
in this short period of time.
And they're difficult
to get through as well.
But
we all got through it.
So,
I feel like we're family.
See? I shouldn't have said it.
Well, isn't it like that?
What now?
We've always been, haven't we?
A family.
That's a cool verdict.
Since we're family,
take a bite of the noodles
to swear allegiance.
- I don't want to.
- No?
Why? Isn't anyone hungry?
Hello, Porsch. It's good you called.
I've got many things to tell you.
Are you free tomorrow?
Dad wants to see us.
I completely forgot!
Mind, come and see me at home.
I have to hang up now. I'm driving.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
For what?
I feel like I can't help you
with anything.
And now there's Rung's problem.
Tan,
about my problem,
we're going to find a way out.
I actually have to thank you for...
For what?
Nothing.
You're relieved, aren't you?
Now you know you're not the reason
why Rung tried to kill herself?
Am I being too selfish
for feeling relieved
about something like this?
Not at all, Rin.
Not at all.
I'm also relieved about it.
Didn't you tell me you'd like to go
to a department store?
I'm sorry, Pa.
I need to do something.
Hello.
I'm here to see Kan.
Do you have an appointment with him?
- I don't.
- Please arrange one in advance
or you can wait here.
I can wait.
I've been waiting for so long now.
I don't mind waiting
a little bit longer.
Are you going to enroll here?
I'd like to see the syllabus first
and also meet the teacher.
Rung, hello.
- Hello, Kan.
- Hello.
What brings you here?
I remember you told me
I used to study here.
So I'd like to re-enroll.
It's a pleasure.
I always welcome alumni.
Would you like to register first?
Do you mind if I take a look around?
I just want to reminisce and
feel the atmosphere here.
Of course.
Please come this way.
Sao,
I'd like to ask you something.
you have Rung's journal, don't you?
Da? Da?
Rin.
Oh? Where's Da?
Da's not here today.
I can't get a hold of her.
Is something the matter?
You can leave it with me.
Hello.
Rin told me that
you've read Rung's journals.
I'd like to know
if there's a particular journal
that Rung wrote
before she tried to kill herself.
Sao,
please tell me if you know anything.
Everyone's in trouble right now.
And I don't know if I can help them.
If you're not going to do it for me,
please do it for Rung.
I...
I don't want...
I don't want you
and Rung to get hurt.
So I hid the journal.
I don't want Rung to remember
those bad things.
How is Rarin doing?
Rin is
facing a huge problem as well.
Is it because of me?
No.
All of a sudden, a fashion brand
started selling their collection
before hers.
And all the outfits
are identical to hers.
It's as if
they stole her ideas.
If there's anything I can help with,
I have something to tell you first.
Tomorrow, you can come in late.
Thank you.
We'll get going then.
Okay.
Rin, can I borrow an umbrella?
An umbrella?
It's about to rain.
Sure.
The car's here. I have to go now.
Okay. Safe travels.
Hello.
Do I really have to do this?
Are you going to make me steal
my boss' work?
I can't do it.
Okay.
I'll try.
I'll contact you later.
Then I went inside to see Rarin
and I did something bad.
I'm sorry.
Da?
Would she even do
something of the sort?
I want to hurry over and work.
No, you can't.
If you're overworked,
it will take a toll on your health.
I'll take a quick nap
and then I'll be able to work.
Okay.
But we still don't have evidence
proving that Da did it.
But according to Sao
and judging from Da's absence today,
it's probably...
What if Da runs away?
What are we going to do?
What if she tries to kill herself?
Jib,
calm down.
We'll have to find her first.
As you can see,
our fashion design school
is standardized.
Hello.
Our unique teaching style
helps students become
truly immersed in fashion.
But consequently,
each course is quite pricey.
Because we also take students
on overseas excursions.
Should we keep going?
Please.
There's another room. I wasn't sure
at first if I should show it to you.
It's all of my work,
both old and new collections.
This room.
Can I take a look?
They're my treasured possessions.
I can't let outsiders in
that easily,
especially if they still have
connections to other brands.
If you go in there,
I guess you should know
how to behave.
Pa, I'm thirsty.
Can you get me some water?
Of course. I'll buy some for you.
Please.
What do you think
of Kritsana's collection?
It's different from what you've seen
from other brands, right?
Especially this collection,
"Queen."
When women wear it,
they can feel the power.
It's not just beautiful
but also elegant.
Where did you get the inspiration
for this collection?
Why are you saying
as if you don't know who I am?
Why are you asking me that?
You know I can't
really remember much.
I forgot. I'm sorry.
For me, the word "queen" refers to
the queen of fashion.
The queen of everything.
Queen of Rainbow.
Have you ever heard of that name?
Really?
She's not there?
Okay. Thank you.
You should take a break.
It's okay. I want to help.
Jib, I'd like to be alone.
As for the journal,
it's not with me.
I never took it.
It's always been in your room.
Rung,
is there anything
you'd like to tell me?
I'll get to the point then.
Do you remember what happened
three years ago
and what you did to me?
Please be careful what you say.
I have the right to sue you
for slander
with an empty accusation like that.
If there's nothing to hide,
then there's no need to be afraid.
You're a funny person, Rung.
How can someone like me
do something like that?
Hmm?
Besides,
"afraid" isn't part of
my vocabulary.
Are you interested in checking out
other rooms?
There are other interesting ones.
I can give you a tour.
It's okay. I think I should go now.
Thank you very much, Kan.
Just a moment, Rung.
It's Mind.
Hello, Mind.
Oh, Rung is...
She's out buying some new clothes.
We'll be home soon. Don't worry.
Buying new clothes?
Okay. I'll see you later.
- Mind.
- Yes?
Everyone's waiting.
Please come in.
Oh, you're here.
Hello.
I'm sorry it's last minute.
- You're Mind?
- Yes, sir.
Come closer.
When did Porsch propose to you?
He didn't. I proposed to him.
The look in your eyes
is identical to my wife's.
Is that a good thing?
It is.
By the looks of it,
you can be quite sassy.
My wife also proposed to me.
Alright.
If you both love each other,
I'll find you
a new auspicious date
for the wedding.
You're allowing us to be together?
Right in front of your dad?
But this also means
that I'll be alone, right?
It's not going to be like that.
I won't let you feel lonely.
I'm going to bring you
a grandchild to play with.
Huh?
Grandchild?
Do you mean...
Praew.
Porsch, you're about to be an uncle.
Uncle Porsch?
Hey!
Hey, rejoice! Rejoice!
- Congratulations, Praew.
- Rejoice!
- Thank you.
- Hey, applause!
Boss Jr.!
I'm going to be an uncle!
Dad,
I'm sorry for interrupting.
It might be improper,
but can I have some time?
Just a moment.
- Of course.
- Excuse me.
Hey!
Where are we going?
- Porsch!
- Come on!
- Where are you taking me?
I don't have time
to be fooling around.
Don't worry. I know everything.
About what? Rung?
About Rin.
- Rin?
- Yes, Rin.
This is...
I know that if you're
not home, you're here.
- Pa, I have to...
- I'll wait outside.
Call me if you need anything.
I went to see Kan.
Why did you do that?
I just want to confront
the past by myself.
That's all.
And how did it go?
Just as we thought.
He didn't slip up at all.
You went to see Sao
today as well, didn't you?
Rin told me everything.
That's right.
Just as you said,
Sao really hid it.
The last journal.
How is it?
Just like Rung said,
the information in this journal
isn't enough evidence.
Who torn it? Was it Sao?
- I don't...
- I did.
I probably couldn't take it.
I remember tearing the pages
with the designs for Queen.
What about you, Rin?
Have you talked to Da?
I don't know where she went.
I couldn't find or contact her.
Rin!
How come you're like this?
Rin,
I...
Let me tell you.
I completely forgot!
Mind, come and see me at home.
I have to hang up now. I'm driving.
Okay.
There's blood everywhere!
She won't stop bleeding!
A hit and run!
Hey, hey!
It's... Da!
Da?
Call an ambulance!
Hurry!
Da got hit by a car.
She should've gone to the hospital.
But she insisted on seeing you.
So I used my connections
to call a doctor to my house.
Now that she's better,
I brought her here.
And why didn't you tell us earlier?
It's because of me.
I asked him not to tell anyone.
I...
I didn't want anyone to be worried.
Even though I did a bad thing,
I just thought that
it would be better
if I just disappeared.
Why do you think so?
Because I did it.
I stole your ideas
and gave them to Posey.
I did everything.
He promised me money
for my gravely sick mother.
And that he'd hire me.
Why didn't you tell or talk to me
when you were in trouble?
You're not angry with me?
I am.
I'm angry with you
because you didn't tell me
or let me help.
And I won't forgive you.
Unless you do the one thing
I'm about to ask you,
then I'll forgive you.
What is it?
I will do anything if I can
atone for my crime.
You have to
get better soon
and be my assistant again.
We have to go now.
Now we have a witness
to testify against Kan.
Right?
That's right.
No.
I'm sorry
but Da will stay out of this.
Think about it.
If she becomes our witness,
what are the risks she's facing?
Mmm. I understand.
Why? We already have the chance.
She doesn't want Da
to be a victim of society.
Think about it.
If Da has to confess,
it means she's admitting
that she's a traitor.
Then how is she
going to be able to work
for other brands? Right, Rin?
I have to excuse myself now.
There's a lot for me to think about.
Is anyone hungry?
What? If you're hungry,
you have to eat.
If you want to eat, then you will.
Two boxes of pizza
and two boxes of chicken.
Dig in.
I'll eat french fries then.
Huh?
I'm off.
What's up with him?
Hey, what am I going to dip now?
Oxygen?
What do we have?
I'm hungry.
Give that to me.
An army advances on a full stomach.
Or do you want to eat me instead?
Pervert!
It'd be nice if it was raining.
Even if it rained now,
I can't hear your voice anyway.
Also,
I won't have it
as my inspiration anymore.
Actually, I've always wondered
about you using
my voice as your inspiration.
What do you mean?
I never thought my voice could
do something amazing like that.
It probably just
helps you to express
your own feelings honestly.
That's all.
I think when you're
designing clothes,
there must already
be something on your mind.
Something on my mind?
Mmm.
Even if there are hundreds of people
plagiarizing you,
in the end,
there's only you who can say
why you designed those clothes.
Do you know what Rung
wrote on the last page?
The one that wasn't torn out?
I remember it so well.
The fashion world
has never shown me mercy.
I designed this collection
in my name.
My birth name.
Even though it was stolen right
in front of my eyes in the end,
the person who stole it
only got an empty shell.
Perhaps I let
those outfits lead the way.
Because they're my queen.
I'm Rung.
Queen of Rainbow.
Thank you very much, Tan.
Tan,
I just came up with something.
Mmm.
Oh?
Tan?
I'm sorry.
I got it!
The models...
Hold on.
Chew and swallow first.
The models get tired
after the runway.
Therefore, our concept
is the value pack.
Take this and put it on the outfit.
When the models get hungry,
they can just take a bite.
Genius!
You're so clever.
They can take a bite...
Are you crazy?
I know how I should deal with them.
I'm going to use the whole set
without modifying
the pattern or anything.
Because I'm going to directly
confront Posey...
No.
I'm going to
confront Kritsana directly.
- OMG.
Uh-oh.
Because what they stole
are only the outer shells.
But they can't steal their souls.
Isn't that right?
Tomorrow,
I also invited the owner of Posey
to be in the front row.
Hello.
Are you showcasing your plagiarized
outfit today as well?
They're identical. Look.
Why are they so similar?
To put it simply, you're stupid
for falling for my tricks
in this harsh capitalist society.